kitten
I'll be honest up front I'm conflicted
about this movie a letter to mama is a
2011 Japanese animated feature film
written and directed by hiroyuki okiura
yeah he only has one feature film under
whose directors belt before this called
Jinro the wolf brigade which i have not
seen so this is my first impression of
his work and as I said I was rather
confused about it well let's not stall
this any longer this is my review of a
letter to Momo
the movie begins with our main
protagonist moment Maya arriving to
remote island college CEO we find out
that recently her father has passed away
and her mother a Coco could no longer
support both of them in Tokyo so they
were forced to move here to her
childhood home
momo views has changed rather negatively
and is very pessimistic about this new
place as any kid her age would be but
later we get to know that this is more
than just teenage angst momo partially
blamed herself for the death of her
father because of the last word she
spoke to him Kaito Kanak do you later
she found a letter her father had
started writing her but had not finished
this letter contains only a few words
dear Momo
she doesn't start to life the place
anymore when certain events lead her to
the conclusion that the house were there
staying at is haunted
but these ghosts turn out to be these
guys three Guardians sent to look over
mama and her mother and so shenanigans
ensue
yep majority of the film this is pretty
much shenanigans the movie the story was
definitely the main issue I had with
this film I'll quickly run over the
technical side to the feature and then
I'll attempt to explain my stance
I'm starting to feel like there's no
real point in explaining the visual
quality of an animated feature film of
course it looks amazing from a technical
standpoint if I was to comment on the
style I'd say that this wasn't as
visually appealing as the last movie
that I reviewed well children it's
obvious that Hiroyuki Okura was going
towards a more realistic look with this
film except for the mother Momo and
other kids all the side characters
really look Japanese and all the facial
features are very refined and characters
make strong expression again from a
technical view this is impressive but I
didn't really like it at least in the
beginning of course you get used to it
and I can only praise the backgrounds
animation top-notch I can imagine that
animating these more realistic looking
characters was a challenge on its own
and they really did not cut any corners
with that the music I didn't really
notice the music of course there are
emotional ups and lows which are
accompanied by musical pieces but except
for the sweet ending song nothing really
stuck in my head though I would rather
be positive towards the soundtrack
because it really wasn't bad or
distracting for the life of me I can't
really remember how the climactic race
against time sounded like but I know
that it did not sound bad
so here's a stuff for the majority of
this film I could not understand what it
was about
in the beginning of the story Momo is
separating herself or the people around
her so I obviously knew he was a
coming-of-age tale where she would learn
to appreciate the change and get over
her guilt but I couldn't really
understand how or why any of the events
happening will lead us closer to that I
felt like this till about halfway
through the film until some drama is
finally introduced and then the movie
became clear to me the structure of this
film is clearly inspired by my neighbor
totoro our main characters arrive to a
new location for them they confront
mystical beings and do just stuff with
them with seemingly no significance then
near the end there is a tightening in
the situation which is resolved with the
help of these beans but unlike my
neighbor totoro a letter to Momo tries
to be a more cohesive story it's not the
wondrous daydream Totoro seems to be we
have characters with clear motivations
and personalities there is an
underlining story for why everything is
happening and Momo clearly goes through
a character arc but there was a moment
while watching this movie when I caught
myself with a thought this is so
Japanese well for one it made me do this
Google search don't ask me to elaborate
too much on that because I really can't
but I truly feel that there may be a
little cultural barrier surrounding this
movie
unlike wolf children which I can easily
recommend to anyone I may hesitate
before suggesting this film to someone
which is a shame because I actually
liked it sure for a large chunk of the
movie I was lost but the finale really
brought it back and I couldn't fight off
the smile that was on my face when the
credits started rolling this mixture of
crazy silly realism and mysticism
he's a story you really shouldn't miss
if you like films like my neighbor
totoro and spirited away or anything
that I've said or showed you here has
paid your interest and if you do choose
to do it I hope my review somewhat
prepared you for it
in the end I hope it's clear why I'm not
entirely on either side of the fence
with this one there are aspects of the
film I adore and there are sides that
I'm not the biggest fan of I'm not
rushing to see it again but I wouldn't
mind if a friend wanted seed with me I
know this movie is getting a lot of love
all around but I wouldn't call it a
straight-up success but I still would
recommend you to give it a watch and
decide for yourself
if you feel like this is your cup of tea
it just wasn't really mine
peace love music
you
MoMA partially blamed herself for the
MoMA partially blames herself for the
death momo partially blamed herself for
the Momo partially blames her Momo
partially black Momo partially Brent
Momo partially blamed al-qaeda how do
you say mama mama mama mama mama mama